Wasikowska to another one of my fifa 15
play prediction series and this week can
we do an Aston Villa because one in the
comment section down below basically did
in the entire team south oh I've might
as well do them because he is very
confident about what their ratings will
be next season I've changed him a little
bit here and there but overall they are
pretty much what he left in the comment
section down below so if you do the same
in the comment section down below that
we absolutely fantastic so the first
blow this week is Brad guzar and he's
gone from a 79 to and 81 I'm not quite
sure if you will be an 81 I think 80
will be a bit more of a fare card for
him but he did actually have quite a
consistent season so maybe we'll be an
81 we'll have to see in the upcoming
weeks what EA will give him next up we
do math you'll out and he's gone from 74
to a 74 because I don't think he does
deserve an upgrade I think the 74 write
a card for him is very fair because you
only played 15 games this year so you
won't exactly go up rating so obviously
keeping him the same will be really good
I've changed some attacks here and there
like plus 2 overall it will be a pretty
good card next up we do have Ron Vlaar
the players had an absolutely fantastic
world cup with Holland of course and
unfortunately didn't win it but they
came very close but the saying that they
have a really weak team from Floyd shows
how Louie van how can turn a really crap
defense into something really magical so
obviously i think it just deserved the
okay do a 79 rate card with the 60 paise
because it's-- want a DS are near will
cook card so I think that's a fair or
great for Ron floor next up we don't
Ciaran Clark the second highest
appearance turns back for Aston Villa
that's basically what I did it on and I
basically kept his rate in the same but
I've downgraded some of his SATs are
basically some of these are from head to
head basically the upgrades are kind of
fair because I've actually researched
and seen what they actually are in real
life and stuff like that next up we do
have Kieran Richardson he's actually a
trance fees and not actually played at
Aston Villa before but I think he will
go to the left-back start straight away
in the first team line up so it will be
a pretty good transfer he's got some
really nice rounded stats I've done
quite a few of them down because
obviously as he's getting old he's not
gonna develop and he's gonna go downhill
from now so a bit unfortunate of him
Kieran Richardson but still a very good
card next up we do Ashley Westwood they
play thats actually really had a really
good season so I've upgraded starts to a
70 people rated carb maybe a 75 I'm not
quite sure I think has been a little
ungenerous on this one and I kept into
the 74
red car because everybody seen him play
that much and you would love to see in
the upcoming weeks next up with your
Fabian Delph probably the most generous
one I've done this week and I think he
just deserve it 277 rate of gaudiya
would be a really cool card brought my
team with the 81 pace and 80 dribbling
obviously some decent shooting and
passing stats as well really good
roundup midfielder and I'm not quite
sure if you will be a 77 maybe a 76 but
I definitely sure he will be a gold next
up we do have Jack really she's covered
62 rato to or 69 rated I think that's a
fair with great for him haven't seen
actually playing real life but a lot of
people do rain how quite highly so I
think a 60 damn rare card will be pretty
fair for me will be a really good 69
right car because 77 pays and
seventy-seventh really is very good
obviously as other stats aren't the best
he's defending heading is absolutely
poor so I've upgraded them quite a bit
and kept all the stats pretty much the
same so the next play is Andreas Weimann
I think you will be a gold next year but
I think you will be a right winger
because Aston Villa play like a 433 with
benteke in the middle Wyman on the right
and a bungler hall on the left so I
think that's what they'll do next year
with Wyman put into a 75 and basically
put them out wide on the right next up
we drove gather your bungalow whole the
same as him basically put them to a 75
rated left winger I think I'd be a
really cool card still and obviously it
will be quite a bargain average em so
that'd be really cool for a bunk Lahore
and obviously being on the left hand
side you can bomb it down the left hand
side and cross it to the almighty
striker of Christian benteke the final
player this week I think he's a rating I
was tempted to downgrade into an 80
rated car because I really hasn't had
the best of seasons its first season
aston villa was absolutely incredible
but this shay just didn't quite make it
obviously at that injury and but when he
did come back he just wasn't same player
so don't go he's heading power 3 pace by
one dribbling by one and shot by one so
still a very good car but not quite the
same so even yours episode and you do
agree with my rings if you don't agree
actually leave a comment down below I do
like to see what you guys think of what
I'd done this yet episode say yes
Marshall like button leave a comment on
who I should do next subscribe to our
new channel and see you soon bye